updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16835)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/samples/transport-wse-3-0-tcp-interoperability.md

  
 `return encoder.WriteMessage(message, maxBufferSize, bufferManager);`  
  

>  Once the <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.Message> is encoded into bytes, it must be transmitted on the wire. This requires a system for defining message boundaries. WSE 3.0 uses a version of [DIME](https://msdn.microsoft.com/Areas/Epx/Content/500.aspx?aspxerrorpath=/msdnmag/issues/02/12/DIME/) as its framing protocol. `WriteData` encapsulates the framing logic to wrap a byte[] into a set of DIME records.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Once the <xref:System.ServiceModel.Channels.Message> is encoded into bytes, it must be transmitted on the wire. This requires a system for defining message boundaries. WSE 3.0 uses a version of [DIME](https://docs.microsoft.com/archive/msdn-magazine/2002/december/sending-files-attachments-and-soap-messages-via-dime) as its framing protocol. `WriteData` encapsulates the framing logic to wrap a byte[] into a set of DIME records.  
```
